how'd you like to come and see the world
with me you mean it is my absolute honor
to introduce to you the first of our
world lamprey though the Queen see it
the race yes you will see Francesca like
this
he is so getting beat tomorrow
these Americans of Lille master spice
this cannot be industry Americans look
at ladies mater's been again funky
extremely done a trim Finn McMissile
British intelligence
oh maybe average intelligence McQueen
and Francesco tool for that inside line
as they head toward the first turn
Lightning McQueen and Knox win the race
instead of say a child he's gonna go
kaboom but we need your help mater you
know I'm just a tow truck
it's his cover
brilliant am I missing something no one
realizes they're being fooled because
they're too busy laughing at the fool
that how you see me that's how everyone
sees you isn't that the idea hater I'm
sticking by you the way you always stick
by me buddy is popemobile cat don't you
care don't you got to get it
come crazy
it's the American spy
- Lincoln request acknowledged
realistic knowledge deploy shoot
bite me a German drunk quest acknowledge
check it out I'm wearing later Hoosier
make me a monster truck request
acknowledged